# LOST ARK ORGANIZER
#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOqR2l3RRUo
#### Description:
My project named Lost Ark Organizer is a basic website/web application that tracks characters for a video game called Lost Ark. As one of my passions, I had previously done most of this using an Excel spreadsheet, and considered it a fun endeavor to begin converting the concept into a website.  I used Finance from Problem Set 9 as a template for the website as I did not have full knowledge to create the entirety of the project from scratch.

It has a standard styles.css file with some edited values, mainly for alternating table row backgrounds as well as highlighting specific values in a table.  The database file, lostark.db, holds all the current databases relevant to the project. The layout.html file is the template for the remainder of the pages and app.py holds all the code working in the background of the pages.

The website begins with standard register.html and login.html pages.  The register page requires a username, password, and confirmation password, with checks for each. I decided to use the flash feature if any information is missing.  The login page requires a username and password, and I used the flash feature for this page as well.

On successful login, the website shows the user index.html, the landing page, which shows a basic summary table of all the characters the user owns.   The table shows the characters’ names, class, and item level, retrieved from the database.

Add Character (addcharacter.html), the first navigation link, takes the user to a page where they can add additional characters to their roster.  The add character page has two input fields to enter a character’s name as well as their item level.  It also has a select field, which shows all the available character class options in the game, populated from a static list.  Upon submitting the form correctly, the database handles the updated information and the website redirects the user to the homepage, where they can see the updated roster display.

Edit/Delete Character (edit.html), the second navigation link, takes the user to a page where they can edit or delete a character from their roster.  This page ended up similar to the add character page.  I wanted to add some additional functionality like auto populating fields when a select option changes, but I could not figure it out with the scope of my knowledge.  I read that I need AJAX, which is something I hope to incorporate in the future.  On the page lies an option to delete a character through selecting its name.  A confirmation box appears on submit asking for user confirmation before finally deleting the character and anything referencing that character from the database.  The second section of the page allows the user to edit a character by selecting their current characters from a dropdown, potentially inputting a new item level, and potentially selecting a new class from another drop down.  Both editing and deleting return the user to the homepage where they can see the updated roster table.

Qualities (qualities.html), the third navigation link, takes the user to a page where they can keep track of each character’s equipment quality.  In the game, you can upgrade the quality of each equipment slot, and you may want an overview of your roster to decide best where to commit upgrades.  At the top of the page, the user can add or edit a piece of equipment they want to keep track of. The code checks if the specific slot for a specific character already has a value, and either adds or edits it depending on the result.  The slot dropdown draws from a specific list of available slots in the game. The table shown on the page holds all the values relating to item quality currently stored in the database.  It conditionally shows the lowest armor value as well as the lowest weapon value, personally, what I currently track.  In the future, I want to add options to track different conditions.

Oreha (oreha.html), the fourth and final current navigation link, takes the user to a page that serves as a calculator to determine whether the user should craft or buy oreha fusion materials, a crafting item in the game.  Crafted by using a combination of either fish, meat, or relics, a list of these of these raw materials reside in three separate tables, auto-populated using the database.  Above the table, the market price for these materials can be seen, also auto populated from the database.  Using formulas, the final prices of crafting the oreha fusion materials through the three methods are listed at the top of the page, as well as a summary at the very top letting the user know whether it is currently cheaper to buy or sell the oreha fusion materials.  The user can update the values and submit the form, which redirects them to the same page with updated information as well as calculations.

This covers the current scope of my projects, but I want to expand upon many aspects in the future.  I want to use this project as a baseline to expand upon as I learn more about web development, turning into a full-fledged application for myself to utilize in the future.
